Upload step for copy process completion added (#146)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processoperations-financeanalysis-analyze.adoc

|Open the *Finance Analysis* view and see all processes of all teams.
|Global Finance Analysis View

> |Edit finance analyses, add, and edit cost entries, and change deprecation periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Edit finance analyses, add and edit cost entries, and change deprecation periods.
```

Author: Vale-ing too fast :)

. Click *OK*.
. Click *Save*.

=== Forcast Monthly Process Runs

Expected number of automatically executed process runs in the current month and in coming months. This number initially equals the number of manually executed process runs per month so far (Frequency per month for manual process execution), but can be adjusted at any time.

> Estimate the expected number of process runs again every month on the basis of the pattern to date to forecast the break-even time as accurately as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Estimate the expected number of process runs every month on the ability of the pattern to forecast the break-even time as accurately as possible.
```

Author: Yes it does :) This is maybe better:
Based on past experience, re-estimate the expected number of process runs every month to forecast the break-even time as accurately as possible.
